[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergoweb/stories/pages/404.stories.jsx)

This code exports a default object that defines a story for a custom 404 page component in the ergoweb project. The `title` property specifies the title of the story, which is "Pages/404". The `component` property specifies the component to be rendered for the story, which is the `Custom404` component imported from the `../../pages/404` file.

The code also exports a named export `Custom404Page`, which is a functional component that renders the `Custom404` component. This component can be used in other parts of the ergoweb project to display a custom 404 page when a user navigates to a non-existent page.

For example, in a routing configuration file, the `Custom404Page` component can be specified as the component to render when a route does not match any of the defined routes. This ensures that users are presented with a user-friendly error page instead of a generic browser error message.

```javascript
import { BrowserRouter as Router, Switch, Route } from "react-router-dom";
import Custom404Page from "./Custom404Page";

function App() {
  return (
    <Router>
      <Switch>
        <Route exact path="/" component={HomePage} />
        <Route exact path="/about" component={AboutPage} />
        <Route component={Custom404Page} />
      </Switch>
    </Router>
  );
}
```

In the above example, the `Custom404Page` component is specified as the component to render when none of the defined routes match the user's requested URL. This ensures that the user is presented with a custom 404 page instead of a generic browser error message.

Overall, this code provides a reusable custom 404 page component that can be easily integrated into the ergoweb project to improve the user experience when navigating to non-existent pages.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `Custom404` component being imported from "../../pages/404"?
   - The `Custom404` component is being imported to be used as the component for the `404` page.
   
2. What is the significance of the `title` property being set to "Pages/404"?
   - The `title` property is likely being used for documentation or organization purposes, as it specifies the title of the component being exported.

3. Why is the `Custom404Page` exported as a function that returns `<Custom404 />`?
   - The `Custom404Page` is being exported as a functional component that returns the `Custom404` component, likely to be used as the actual page component for the `404` route.